100% of my code is written by Claude
Code. I have not edited it a single line
by hand since November. Every day I ship
10, 20, 30 pull requests. So, at the
moment I have like five [music] agents
running. While we're recording this?
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you miss writing
code? I have never enjoyed coding as
much as I do today because I don't have
to deal with all the minutiae.
Productivity per engineer has increased
200%. There's always this question,
should I learn to code? In a year or two
it's not going [music] to matter. Coding
is virtually solved. I imagine a world
where everyone is able to program.
Anyone can just build software anytime.
What's the next big shift [music] to how
software is written? Claude is starting
to come up with ideas. Looking through
feedback, it's looking at bug reports,
it's looking at telemetry for bug fixes
and things to ship. A little more like a
co-worker or something like that. A lot
of people listening to this are product
managers and they're probably sweating.
I think by the end of the year
everyone's going to be a product manager
and everyone codes. The title software
engineer is going to start [music] to go
away. It's just going to be replaced by
builder and it's going to be painful for
a lot of people.
Today my guest is Boris Cherny, head of
Claude Code at Anthropic. It is hard to
describe the impact that Claude Code has
had on the world. [music]
Around the time this episode comes out
will be the one-year anniversary of
Claude Code. And in that short time, it
has completely transformed the job of a
software engineer. And it is now
starting to transform the jobs of many
other functions in tech, which we talk
about. Claude Code itself is also a
massive driver of Anthropic's overall
growth over the past year. They just
raised a round at over $350 [music]
billion.
And as Boris mentions, the growth of
Claude Code itself is still
accelerating. Just in the past month
their daily active users has doubled.
Boris is also just a really interesting,
thoughtful, deep-thinking human. And
during this conversation we discovered
we were born in the same city in
Ukraine. That is so funny, I had no
idea. A huge thank you to Ben Mann,
Jenny Wen, and Mike Krieger for
suggesting topics for this conversation.
Don't forget to check out Lenny's
Product Pass dot com for an incredible
set of deals available exclusively to
Lenny's newsletter subscribers. Let's
get into it after a short word from our
wonderful sponsors.
Today's episode is brought to you by DX,
the developer intelligence platform
designed by leading researchers. To
thrive in the AI era, organizations need
to adapt quickly. But many organization
leaders struggle to answer pressing
questions like [music] which tools are
working? How are they being used? What's
actually driving value? DX provides the
data and insights that leaders need to
navigate this shift. With DX, companies
like Dropbox, Booking.com, Adyen, and
Intercom get a deep understanding of how
AI is providing value to their
developers and what impact AI is having
on engineering productivity. To learn
more, visit DX's website at
getdx.com/lenny.
That's getdx.com/lenny.
Applications break in all kinds of ways.
Crashes, slowdowns, regressions, and the
stuff that you only see once real users
show up. Sentry catches it all. See what
happened, where, and why.
>> [music]
>> Down to the commit that introduced the
error, the developer who shipped it, and
the exact line [music] of code all in
one connected view. I have definitely
tried the five tabs [music] and Slack
thread approach to debugging. This is
better. Sentry shows you how the request
moved, what ran, what slowed down, and
what users saw. Sear, Sentry's AI
debugging agent, takes it from there. It
uses all of that Sentry context to tell
you the root cause, suggest a fix, and
even opens a PR for you. It also reviews
your PRs and [music] flags any breaking
changes with fixes ready to go. Try
Sentry and Sear [music] for free at
sentry.io/lenny
and use code Lenny for $100 in Sentry
credits. That's sentry.io/lenny.
Boris, thank you so much for being here
and to the podcast.
>> [music]
>> Yeah, thanks for having me on. I want to
start with a a spicy question.
About 6 months ago, I don't know if
people even remember this, you actually
left Anthropic, you joined Cursor,
and then 2 weeks later you went back to
Anthropic. What happened there? I don't
think I've ever heard the actual story.
>> [laughter]
>> It's the fastest job change that I've
ever had.
Um I joined Cursor because I'm a big fan
of the product. And honestly, I met the
team and I was just really impressed. Uh
they're an awesome team. Uh I still I
still think they're awesome, and they're
just building really cool stuff. And
kind of they they saw where AI coding
was going, I think, before a lot of
people did.
So the the idea of building a good
product was just very exciting for me.
I think as soon as I got there, what I
started to realize is what I really
missed about Anthropic was the mission.
And that's actually what originally
drove me to Anthropic, also.
Cuz uh but before I joined Anthropic, I
was, you know, I was working in big
tech, and then I was I I at some point I
wanted to work at a at a lab to
just help shape the future of this crazy
thing that that we're building in some
way.
And the thing that drew me to Anthropic
was the mission, and it was, you know,
it's all about safety. And when you talk
to people at Anthropic, just like find
someone in the hallway, if you ask them
why they're here, the answer is always
going to be safety.
Um and so the this kind of like mission
drivenness just really, really resonated
with me, and I just know personally it's
something I need in order to be happy.
Um and I that's just the thing that I
really missed. And I found that, you
know, whatever the work might be, no
matter how exciting, even if it's
building a really cool product, it's
just not really a substitute for that.
Um so for me it was actually a uh
it was pretty obvious that that I was
missing that pretty quick.
Okay, so let me follow the thread of
just coming back to Anthropic and the
work you've done there.
This podcast is going to come out around
the year anniversary of launching Claude
Code. So I want to spend a little time
just reflecting on the impact that
you've had. There's um this report that
recently came out that I'm sure you saw
by SemiAnalysis that showed that 4% of
all GitHub commits are authored by
Claude code now. And they predicted
it'll be a fifth of all code commits on
GitHub by the end of the year.
The way they put it is, "While we
blinked, AI consumed all software
development."
The day that we're recording this,
Spotify just put out this uh headline
that their best developers haven't
written a line of code since December
thanks to AI.
More and more of the most advanced
senior engineers, including you, are
sharing the fact that you don't write
code anymore, that it's all
AI-generated, and many aren't even
looking at code anymore is how far we've
gotten.
In large part, thanks to this little
project that you started and that your
team has scaled over the past year.
I'm curious just to hear your
reflections on on this past year and the
impact that your work has had. These
numbers are just totally crazy, right?
Like, 4 4% of all commits in the world
is just way more than I imagined. And
like you said, it still feels like the
starting point. Um these are also just
public commits. So, we actually think if
you look at private repositories, it's
quite a bit higher than that.
And I I think the craziest thing for me
isn't even the number that we're at
right now, but the pace at which we're
growing because if you look at Claude
code's growth rate kind of across any
metric, it's continuing to accelerate.
Um so, it's not just going up, it's
going up faster and faster.
When I first started Claude code, it was
just going to be a like it was just
supposed to be a little hack. Um you
know, we we broadly knew at Anthropic
that we wanted to get a we wanted to
ship some kind of coding product.
And you know, for Anthropic for a long
time, we were building the models in
this way that kind of fit our mental
model of the way that we build safe AGI,
where the model starts by being really
good at coding, then it gets really good
at tool use, then it gets really good at
computer use. Roughly, this is like the
trajectory.
Uh and you know, we've been working on
this for a long time.
And when you look at the team that I
started on, it was called the Entropic
Labs team. Uh, and actually Mike Krieger
and, you know, Ben Mann, they just
kicked this team off again uh, for kind
of round two.
The team built some pretty cool stuff.
So, we built QuadCode, we built MCP, we
built the desktop app.
So, you can kind of see the seeds of
this idea, you know, like it's it's
coding, then it's tool use, then it's
computer use.
And the reason this matters for Entropic
is
uh, because of safety. It's kind of
again, just back to that. AI is getting
more and more powerful. It's getting
more and more capable. The thing that's
happened in the last year is that for at
least for engineers, the AI doesn't just
write the code. It It's not just a
conversation partner, but it actually
uses tools. It acts in the world. Um,
and I think now with Co-work, we're
starting to see the transition for
non-technical folks also. Um, for a lot
of people that use conversational AI,
this might be the first time that
they're using the thing that actually
acts. It can actually use your Gmail. It
can use your Slack. It can do all these
things for you, and it's quite good at
it. Um, and it's only going to get
better from here.
So, I think for Entropic for a long
time, there was this feeling that we
wanted to build something, but it wasn't
obvious what. And so, uh, when I joined
Anth, I spent one month kind of hacking
and, you know, built a bunch of like
weird prototypes. Most of them didn't
ship, and, you know, weren't even close
to shipping. It was just kind of
understanding the boundaries of what the
model can do.
Then I spent a month doing
post-training. Um, so, to understand
kind of the research side of it. And I I
think honestly, that's just for me as an
engineer,
I find that to do good work, you really
have to understand the layer under the
layer at which you work.
And with traditional engineering work,
you know, if you're working on a
product, you want to understand the
infrastructure, the runtime, the virtual
machine, the language, kind of whatever
that is, the system that you're building
on.
But, uh, yeah, if you're like if you're
working AI, you just really have to
understand the model to some degree to
to do good work.
So, I took a little detour to do that,
and then I came back and just started
prototyping what eventually became
QuadCode. Uh, and the very first version
of it I I like a There's like a video
recording of the summer cuz I recorded
this demo
and I posted it. It was called Quad CLI
back then. And I just kind of showed off
how it used a few tools. And the
shocking thing for me was that I gave it
a bash tool and uh, it just was able to
use that to write code
to tell me what music I'm listening to
when I asked it like what music am I
listening to.
And this is the craziest thing. Right?
Cuz it's like there's no I I didn't
instruct the model to say you know, use,
you know, this tool for this or kind of
do whatever. The model was given this
tool and it figured out how to use it to
answer
this question that I had that I wasn't
even sure if I could answer what music
am I listening to.
And so I I I started prototyping this a
little bit more. Um, I made a post about
it and I announced it internally and I
got two likes.
That's the
Those likes Those likes sent to the
reaction at the time.
Cuz I think people internally, you know,
like when you think of coding tools, you
think of like you think of IDEs, you
think about kind of all these pretty
sophisticated environments.
No one thought that this thing could be
terminal based. Um, that's sort of a
weird way to design it and that wasn't
really the intention.
But uh, you know, from the start I built
it in a terminal because you know, for
the first couple months it was just me.
So, it was just the easiest way to
build.
Uh, and for me this is actually a pretty
important product lesson. Right? It's
like you want to under-resource things a
little bit at the start.
Then we started thinking about what
other form factors we should build and
we actually decided to stick with the
terminal for a while.
And the biggest reason was the model is
improving so quickly.
We thought that there wasn't really
another form factor that could keep up
with it.
And honestly, this was just me kind of
like struggling with kind of like what
should we build, you know, like for the
last year QuadCode has just been all I
think about. And so just like late at
night, this is just something I was
thinking about like, okay, the model's
continuing to improve. What do we do?
How can we possibly keep up? And the
terminal was honestly just the only idea
that I had.
And uh, yeah, it ended up catching on.
After
after I released it, pretty quickly it
became a hit at Anthropic and you know,
the the daily active users just went
vertical and it really early on actually
before I launched it, Ben Mann
uh nudged me to make a DAU chart. And I
was like, you know, it's like kind of
early, maybe you know, should we really
do it right now? And he was like, yeah.
And so the the chart just went vertical
pretty immediately. Uh and then in
February we released it externally.
Actually, something that people don't
really remember is Quad Code was not
initially a hit.
When we released it, it got a bunch of
users. There was a lot of early adopters
that got it immediately. But it actually
took many months for everyone to really
understand what this thing is.
Just again, it's like it's just so
different.
And when I think about it, kind of part
of the reason Quad Code works is this
idea of latent demand
where we bring the tool to where people
are and it makes existing workflows a
little bit easier.
But also because it's a it's in a
terminal, it's like a little surprising.
It's a little alien in this way. So you
have to you have to kind of be
open-minded and you have to learn to use
it.
And of course now, you know, Quad Code
is available, you know, in the iOS and
Android Quad app. It's available in the
desktop app. It's available on the
website. It's available as edit
extensions in Slack and GitHub, you
know, all these places where engineers
are. It's a little more familiar. But
that wasn't the starting point.
So yeah, I mean, at the beginning it was
kind of a surprise that this thing was
even useful.
And uh you know, as the team grew, as
the product grew,
as it started to become more and more
useful to people, just people around the
world from, you know, small startups to
the biggest FAANG companies started
using it and they started giving
feedback.
And I think just reflecting back, it has
been such a humbling experience cuz we
just we keep learning from our users and
just the most exciting thing is like,
you know, none of us really know what
we're doing.
Um and we're just trying to figure it
out along with everyone else and the
single best signal for that is just
feedback from users.
Um so that's just been the best. I've
been I've been surprised so many times.
It's incredible how fast something can
change in today's world. You launched
this a year ago, and it wasn't the first
time people could use AI to code, but uh
in a year, the entire profession of
software engineering has dramatically
changed. Like there's all these
predictions, oh, AI's going to be
written 100% AI's uh of code's going to
be written by AI. Everyone's like, no,
that's crazy. What are you talking
about? And I was like, oh,
of course, it's happening exactly as
they said. It's just that things move so
fast and change so fast now.
Yeah, it's really fast. Back at Back at
Code with Claude back in May, that was
like our first uh you know, like
developer conference that we did as
Anthropic.
Um, I did a short talk and in the Q&A
after the talk,
people were asking, what are your
predictions for the end of the year? And
my prediction back in May of 2025 was,
by the end of the year, you might not
need an IDE to code anymore. And we're
going to start to see engineers not
doing this. And I remember the room like
audibly gasped.
It was such a crazy prediction.
But I think like at at Anthropic, like
this is just the way the way we think
about things is exponentials. And this
is like very deep in the DNA. Like if
you look at our co-founders, like three
of them were the first three authors on
the scaling laws paper.
Um, so we really just think in
exponentials.
And if you kind of look at the
exponential of the percent of code that
was written by Claude at that point, and
if you just trace the line, it's pretty
obvious we're going to cross 100% by the
end of the year, even if it just does
not match intuition at all.
Um, and so all I did was trace the line,
and yeah, in November, that you know,
that happened for me personally, and
that's been the case since, and we're
starting to see that for a lot of
different customers, too. I thought that
was really interesting what you just
shared there about kind of the journey.
Is this kind of idea of just playing
around and seeing what happens? This
came up comes up with Open Claude a lot,
just like Peter was playing around, and
just like a thing happened. And it feels
like that's a central kind of ingredient
to a lot of the biggest innovations in
AI is people just sitting around trying
stuff to pushing the models further than
most other people. I mean, this is the
thing about innovation, right? Like you
can't uh you can't force it. There's no
road map for innovation. Um you just
have to give people space. You have to
give them maybe the word is like safety.
So, it's like psychological safety that
it's okay to fail. It's okay if 80% of
the ideas are bad. Um you also have to
hold them accountable a bit. So, if the
idea is bad, you you know, you cut your
losses, move on to the next idea.
Instead of investing more
uh in the early days of Claude code, I
had no idea that this thing would be
useful at all. Cuz
even in February when we were we
started, it was writing maybe, I don't
know, like 20% of my code, not more. And
even in May, it was writing maybe 30%. I
was still using, you know, Cursor for
most of my code. And it only crossed
100% in November. So, it took a while,
but even from the earliest day, it just
felt like I was onto something and I was
just spending like every night, every
weekend hacking on this. And luckily,
my, you know, my wife was very
supportive.
Um but it it it just felt like I was
onto something. It wasn't obvious what.
And then sometimes, you know, you find a
thread, you just have to pull on it. So,
at this point, 100% of your code is
written by Claude code. Is that is that
kind of the current state of your
coding? Yeah, so 100% of my code is
written by Claude code. Um I'm a fairly
prolific coder. Um and this has been the
case even when I worked back at
Instagram. I was like one of the top few
most productive engineers.
Um and that's actually that's still the
case uh here at Anthropic. Wow, even as
head of head of the team.
Yeah, yeah. Do still do a lot of coding.
Um and so every, you know, every day I
ship like 10, 20, 30 pull requests,
something like that. Every day?
>> A hun- Every day. Yeah.
Good god. Uh 100% written by Claude
code. I have not edited a single line by
hand since uh November.
And
yeah, that that's been it.
I do look at the code. So, I I don't
think we're kind of at the point now
where you can be totally hands-off,
especially when there's a lot of people,
you know, like running the program. You
have to make sure that it's correct. You
have to make sure it's safe and so on.
Um and then we also have Claude doing
automatic code review for everything. Um
so, here at Anthropic, Claude reviews
100% of pull requests. Um, there's still
a layer of like human review after it,
but you kind of like you still do want
some of these checkpoints. Like you
still want a human looking at the code,
um, unless it's like pure prototype code
that, you know, it's not going to run
it's not going to run anywhere. It's
just a prototype.
What's kind of the next frontier? So at
this point, 100% of your code is being
written by AI. This is clearly where
everyone is going in software
engineering.
That felt like a crazy milestone. Now
it's just like, of course. This is the
world now.
What's What's kind of the next big shift
to how software is written that either
your team's already operating in or you
think will head towards?
I think something that's happening right
now is Claude is starting to come up
with ideas.
Um, so Claude is looking through
feedback. It's uh, looking at bug
reports. It's looking at, um, you know,
like telemetry and and things like this
and it's starting to come up with ideas
for bug fixes and things to ship.
So it's just starting to get a little
more, um, you know, like a little more
like a co-worker or something like that.
I think the second thing is we're
starting to branch out of coding a
little bit. So I think at this point
it's safe to say that coding is
virtually solved. At least for the kinds
of programming that I do, it's just a
solved problem because Claude can do it.
And so now we're starting to think
about, okay, like what's next? What's
beyond this?
There's a lot of things that are kind of
adjacent to coding, um, and I think this
is going to be coming,
but also just, you know, general tasks,
you know, like I use co-work every day
now to do all sorts of things that are
just not related to coding at all and
just to do it automatically. Like for
example, I had to pay a parking ticket
the other day. I just had co-work do it.
Um, all of my project management for the
team, uh, co-work does all of it. It's
like syncing stuff between spreadsheets
and messaging people on Slack and email
and all this kind of stuff.
So it I think the frontier is something
like this.
And I I don't think it's coding cuz
because I think coding is, you know,
it's pretty much solved and over the
next few months I think what we're going
to see is just across the industry it's
going to become increasingly solved, you
know, for every kind of code base, every
tech stack that people work on. This
idea of helping you come up with what to
work on is so interesting. A lot of
people listening to this are product
managers and they're probably sweating.
How do you use Claude for this? Do you
just talk to it? Does there anything
clever you've come up with to help you
use it to come up with what to build?
Honestly, the simplest thing is like
open Claude Coder Cohort and point it at
a Slack thread. Um you know, like for us
we have this channel that that's all the
internal feedback about Claude Coder.
Since we first released it, even in like
2024 internally, it's just been this
firehose of feedback.
Um and it's the best. And like in the
early days, what I would do is anytime
that someone sends feedback, I would
just go in and I would fix every single
thing as fast as I possibly could. So
like within a minute, within 5 minutes,
or whatever. And this just really fast
feedback cycle, it encourages people to
give more and more feedback. It's just
so important cuz it makes them feel
heard. Cuz you know, like usually when
you use a product, you get feedback, it
just goes into a black hole somewhere
and then you don't get feedback again.
So if you make people feel heard, then
they want to contribute and they want to
help make the thing better.
Um and so now I kind of do the same
thing, but Claude honestly does a lot of
the work. So I point it at the channel
and it's like, "Okay, here's a few
things that I can do. I just put up a
couple PRs. Want to take a look at that
one?" I'm like, "Yeah." Have you noticed
that it is getting much better at this?
Because this is kind of the holy grail.
Right now it's like, "Cool, building
solved." Code review became kind of the
next bottleneck. All these PRs, who's
going to review them all?
The next big open question is just like,
"Okay, now we need a Now Now humans are
necessary for figuring out what to
build, what to prioritize." And you're
saying that that's where Claude Coder is
starting to help you. Has it Has it
gotten a lot better with like say Opus
4.6 or
what's have been the trajectory there?
Yeah, yeah, it's improved a lot. Um I I
think some of it is kind of like
training that we do specific to coding.
Um so, you know, obviously, you know,
best coding model in the world and you
know, it's getting better and better.
Like 4.6 is just incredible. But also
actually a lot of the training that we
do outside of coding translates pretty
well, too. So there is this kind of like
transfer where you teach the model to
do, you know, X and then it kind of gets
better at Y.
Um yeah, and the the gains have just
been insane. Like at Anthropic over the
last year, like since we introduced Quad
Code, we probably I don't know the exact
number, we probably like 4x the
engineering team or something like this.
But productivity per engineer has
increased 200%
in terms of like pull requests. And like
this number is just crazy for anyone
that actually works in this space and
works on dev productivity. Cuz in a
previous life I was at Meta and you
know, one of my responsibilities was
code quality for the company. So, this
is like the all of our code bases, so
those were my responsibility, like
Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, all this
stuff.
Um and a lot of that was about
productivity because if you make the
code higher quality, then engineers are
more productive.
And things that we saw is, you know, in
a year with hundreds of engineers
working on it, you would see a gain of
like a few percentage points of
productivity, something like this.
Um and so nowadays seeing these gains of
just hundreds of percentage points, it's
is just absolutely insane. What's also
insane is just how normalized this has
all been. Like we hear these numbers,
like of course AI is doing this to us.
It's just it's so unprecedented the
amount of change that is happening to
software development, to building
products, to just this the world of
tech. It's just like so easy to get used
to it, but it's important to recognize
this is crazy. This is something like I
have to remind myself once in a while.
There there's sort of like a downside of
this because the model changes so or
there there's actually like there's many
kind of downsides that we that we could
talk about. But I think one of them on a
personal level is the model changes so
often
that
I sometimes get stuck in this like old
way of of thinking about it.
And I even find that like new people on
the team or even new grads that join do
stuff in a more kind of
like AGI forward way than I do.
So, like sometimes for example I I had I
had I had this case like a couple months
ago where there was a memory leak.
And so, like what this is is, you know,
like Quad Code the memory usage is going
up and at some point it crashes. This is
like a very common kind of engineering
problem that, you know, every engineer
has debugged a thousand times.
And traditionally, the way that you do
it is you take a heap snapshot, you put
it into a special debugger, you kind of
figure out what's going on. You know,
use these special tools to see what's
happening.
Um and I was doing this, and I was kind
of like looking through these traces and
trying to figure out what was going on.
And the engineer that was newer on the
team just uh had Claude code it. And it
was like, "Hey Claude, it seems like
there's a leak. Can you figure it out?"
And so, like Claude code did exactly the
same thing that I was doing. It It took
the heap snapshot. It wrote a little
tool for itself so it can kind of like
analyze it itself. Um it was sort of
like a just-in-time program. Uh and it
found the issue and put up a pull
request faster than I could.
So, it's it's something where like
for those of us that have been using the
model for a long time, you still have to
kind of transport yourself to the
current moment and not get stuck
back in in old model because it's not
Sonnet 3.5 anymore. The new models are
just completely completely different.
Uh and just this this mindset shift is
is very different. I hear you have these
very specific principles that you've
codified for your team that when people
join you,
you kind of walk them through them. I
believe one of them is what's better
than doing something, having Claude do
it. And it feels like that's exactly
what you described with this memory leak
is just like you almost forgot that
principle of like, "Okay, let me see if
Claude can solve this for me." There's
this uh there's this interesting thing
that happens also when you um when you
underfund everything a little bit uh
because then people are kind of forced
to Claudify.
And this is something that we see. So,
you know, for work where sometimes we
just put like one engineer on a project,
and the way that they're able to ship
really quickly because they want to ship
quickly, this is like an intrinsic
motivation that comes from within. You
just wanting to do a good job. One, if
you have a good idea, you just really
want to get it out there. No one has to
force you to do that. That comes from
you.
Um and and so, if you have Claude, you
can just use that to automate a lot of
work.
Uh and that that's kind of what we see
over and over.
So, I think that's kind of like one
principle is under funding things a
little bit.
I think another principle is just
encouraging people to go faster. So, if
you can do something today, you should
just do it today.
And this is something we we really
really encourage on the team.
Early on, it was really important
because it was just me. And so, our only
advantage was speed.
That's the only way that we could ship a
product that would compete in this very
crowded coding market.
But nowadays, it's still very much a
principle we have on the team. And
if you want to go faster, a really good
way to do that is to just have Claude do
more stuff. Um so, it it just very much
encourages that. This idea of under
funding, it's so interesting because in
general, there's this feeling like AI is
going to
allow you to not have as many employees,
not have as many engineers. And so, it's
not only you can be more productive,
what you're saying is that you will
actually do better if you under fund.
It's not just that AI can make you
faster, it's you will get more out of
the AI tooling if you have fewer people
working on something.
Yeah, if you if you hire great
engineers, they'll figure out how to do
it. And especially if you empower them
to do it. This is something I actually
talk talk a lot about with you know,
with like CTOs and kind of all sorts of
companies.
My advice generally is don't try to
optimize. Don't don't try to cost cut at
the beginning.
Start by just giving engineers as many
tokens as possible. And now you're
starting to see companies like you know,
at Anthropic, we have you know, everyone
can use a lot of tokens. We're starting
to see this come up as like a perk at
some companies. Like if you join, you
get unlimited tokens.
This is something I very much encourage
because
um
it makes people free to try these ideas
that would have been too crazy.
And then if there's an idea that works,
then you can figure out how to scale it.
And that's the point to kind of optimize
and to cost cut, figure out like you
know, maybe you can do it with Haiku or
with Sonnet instead of Opus or whatever.
But at the beginning, you just want to
throw a lot of tokens at it and see if
the idea works. And give engineers the
freedom to do that. So, the advice here
is
uh just be be loose with your tokens
with this the cost on on using these
models. People hearing this may be like,
of course, he works at Anthropic. He
would want us to use as many tokens as
possible. But you're what you're saying
here is the most interesting innovative
ideas will come out of someone just kind
of taking it to the max and seeing
what's possible.
Yeah, and I and I think the reality is I
got small scale like it's you know,
you're not going to get like a giant
bill or anything like this. Like
if it's an individual engineer
experimenting it's the token cost is
still probably relatively low relative
to their salary or you know, other costs
of running the business.
So it is actually like not not a huge
cost.
As the thing scales up so like let's say
you know, they built something awesome
and then it takes a huge amount of
tokens and then the cost becomes pretty
big. That's the point at which you want
to optimize it. But don't don't do that
too early. Have you seen companies where
their token cost is higher than their
salary? Is that a trend you think we're
going to find and see? You know, at
Anthropic we're starting to see some
engineers that are spending you know,
like hundreds of thousands a month in in
tokens.
So we're starting to see this a little
bit.
There's some companies that are we're
starting to see similar things.
Yeah.
Going back to coding.
Do you miss writing code?
Is this something you're kind of sad
about that this is no longer a thing
you'll do as a software engineer?
It's funny for me you know, like when
when I learned engineering for me it was
very practical.
I learned engineering so I could build
stuff.
And for me I was I was self-taught. You
know, like I studied economics in school
but
I didn't study CS but I I taught myself
engineering kind of early on. I was
programming in like middle school.
And from the very beginning it was very
practical. So I actually like I learned
to code so that I can cheat on a math
test. That was like the first thing.
We had these like graphing calculators
and the you know, I just programmed the
answer into the
>> TI-83?
TI-83 plus. Yeah, yeah, exactly.
>> Plus.
>> [laughter]
>> Plus yeah, so like I programmed the
answers in and then
the next like math test whatever like
the next year they it was just like too
hard, like I couldn't program all the
answers in cuz I didn't know what the
questions were. And so I had to write
like a little solver so that it it was a
program that would just like solve these
like
you know, these algebra questions or
whatever.
And then I figured out you can get a
little cable, you can give the program
to the rest of the class, and then the
whole class gets A's. But then we all
got caught and the teacher told us to
knock it off.
But from the very beginning, it's it's
always just been very practical for me
where programming is a way to build a
thing. It's not the end in itself.
At some point, I personally fell into
the rabbit hole of kind of like the the
beauty of of programming.
Um so like I I wrote a book about
TypeScript. Um I started the actually at
the time it was the world's biggest uh
TypeScript meetup just cuz I fell in
love with the language itself.
Uh and I kind of got in deep into like
functional programming and and all this
stuff.
I think a lot of coders they get
distracted by this.
For me, it was always sort of um
they there is a beauty to programming
and especially to functional
programming. There's a beauty to type
systems.
Um there there's a certain kind of like
this like buzz that you get like when
you solve like a really a really
complicated uh math problem, it's kind
of similar when you kind of balance the
types or you know, the program is just
like really beautiful.
But it's really not the end of it.
Um I think for me, coding is very much a
tool and it's a way to do things.
Uh that said, not everyone feels this
way. So for example, you know, like
there's one engineer uh on the team,
Lena,
who you know, was still writing C++ on
the weekends by hand because you know,
for her, she just really enjoys writing
C++ by hand.
And so everyone is different. And I
think even as this field changes, even
as everything changes,
there's always space to do this. There's
always space to enjoy the art. Um and to
and and to kind of do do things by hand
uh if you want.
Do you worry about your skills
atrophying as an engineer? Is that
something you worry about or is it just
like, you know, this is just how it's
going to go? I think it's just the way
that that it happens. I I worry about it
too much personally. I think for me like
programming is on is on a continuum.
Mhm. And you know, like way back in the
day
you know, like software actually is like
relatively new.
Right? Like if you look at the way
programs are written today like using
software that's running on a virtual
machine or something. This has been the
way that we've been writing programs
since probably the 1960s.
So, you know, it's been you know, like
60 years or something like that.
Before that it was punch cards. Before
that it was switches. Before that it was
hardware. And before that it was just
you know, like literally pen and paper.
It was like a room a room full of people
that were doing math on on paper.
And so, you know, programming has always
changed in this way.
In some ways you still want to
understand the layer under the layer
because it helps you be a better
engineer. And I think this will be the
case maybe for the next year or so.
Um but I think pretty soon it just won't
really matter. It is just going to be
kind of like the
the assembly code right running under
the program or something like this.
Uh at an emotional level
you know,
I I I feel like I've always had to learn
new things.
And as a programmer it's actually not it
doesn't feel that new because there's
always new frameworks. There's always
new languages. It's just something that
we're quite comfortable with in the
field.
But at the same time I you know, this
isn't true for everyone. And I think for
some people they're going to feel a
greater sense of
I don't know, maybe like loss or
nostalgia or atrophy or something like
this. I don't know if you saw this, but
Elon was saying that uh why isn't the AI
just writing binary straight to binary?
Uh because what's the point of all this,
you know, programming abstraction in the
end. Yeah, that's a good question. I
mean, it
totally can do that if you wanted to.
Oh, man. So, what I'm hearing here is in
terms there's always this question,
should I learn to code? Should people in
school learn to code? Uh
what I heard from you is your take is in
the like a year or two you don't really
need to.
My take is I think for for people that
are using um
they're that are using quad code, that
are using agents to code today you still
have to understand the layer under. But
yeah, in a year or two it's not going to
matter.
I was I was thinking about um
what is the right like historical
analogue for this?
Cuz
like like somehow we have to situate
this thing in history and and kind of
figure out when have we gone through
similar transitions? What's the right
kind of mental model for this?
I think the thing that's come closest
for me is the printing press.
And so, you know, if you look at Europe
in
uh you know, like in the in the in the
mid the mid 1400s,
literacy was actually very low. Uh there
was sub 1% of the population it was
scribes
that uh you know, they were the ones
that did all the writing. They they were
the ones that did all the reading. They
were employed by like lords and kings
that often were not literate themselves.
And so, you know, it was their job of
this very tiny percent of the population
to do this.
And at some point that you know,
Gutenberg and the and the printing press
came along.
And there was this crazy stat that in
the 50 years after the printing press
was uh built, there was more printed
material created than in the in the in
the thousand years before.
And so, the the volume of printed
material just went way up.
Uh the cost went way down. It went down
something like a hundred X over the next
50 years.
And if you look at literacy, you know,
it actually took a while because of
learning to read and write is you know,
it's quite hard. It takes an education
system. It takes free time. You it takes
like not having to work on a farm all
day so that you actually have time for
education and things like this. But,
over the next 200 years it went up to
like 70% globally.
So,
I think this is the kind of thing that
we might see is a similar kind of
transition.
And there is there was actually this
interesting um historical document where
there was an interview with some like
scribe in the 1400s about like how do
you feel about the printing press?
And they were actually very excited
because they were like actually the
thing that I don't like doing is copying
between books. The thing that I do like
doing is drawing the art in books and
then doing the book binding.
And I'm really glad that now my time is
freed up. And it it it's interesting
like
as an engineer, I sort of felt like a
parallel with this. Like this is sort of
how I feel
where I don't have to do the tedious
work anymore of coding. Because this has
always been sort of the detail of it.
It's always been the tedious
part of it and kind of like messing with
a kid and kind of using all these
different tools. That that was not the
fun part. The fun part is figuring out
what to build and kind of coming up with
this. It's uh it's talking to users.
It's thinking about these big systems.
It's It's thinking about the future.
It's collaborating with, you know, other
people on the team. And that that's what
I get to do more of now.
And what's amazing is that the tool
you're building allows anybody to do
this. People that have no technical
experience can do exactly what you're
describing. Like I've I've been doing a
bunch of random little projects and any
it's just like anytime you get stuck,
just like help me figure this out. And
you get unblocked. Like I used to I was
an engineer for in earlier in my career
for 10 years. And I just remember
spending so much time on like libraries
and dependencies and little things and
just like, "Oh my god, what do I do?"
And then looking on Stack Overflow. And
now it's just like, "Help me figure this
out." And here's step by step 1 2 3 4.
Okay, we got this. Yeah, exactly.
Exactly. I was talking to an engineer
earlier today. They're like they're
writing some service in Go and, you
know, it's been like a month already and
they they built up the service. Like
it's it's working quite well.
And then I was like, "Okay, so like how
do you feel writing in?" He was like,
"You know, like I still don't really
know Go, but
>> [laughter]
>> And I I think we're going to start to
see more and more of this. It's like if
you know that it works correctly and
efficiently, then you you don't actually
have to know all the details. Clearly,
the life of a software engineer has
changed dramatically. It's like a whole
new
job now as of the past year or two.
What do you think is the next role that
will be most impacted by AI within
either within tech, like, you know,
product managers, designers, or even
outside tech? Just like what do you
think where do you think AI is going
next?
I think it's going to be a lot of the
roles that are adjacent to engineering.
Um so, yeah, it could be like product
managers, it could be design, could be
data science.
It is going to expand to pretty much any
kind of work that you can do on a
computer because the model is just going
to get better and better at this.
Um, and you know, like this is the
co-work product is kind of the first way
to get at this, but it's just the first
one. And
it's the thing that I think brings AI to
a agentic AI to people that haven't
really used it before.
And people are starting just to to to
get a sense of it for the first time.
When I think about tech engineering a
year ago, no one really knew what an
agent was, no one really used it, but
nowadays it's just the way that, you
know, we do we do our work. And then
when I look at non-technical work today,
um, so, you know, like, you know, or
like maybe semi-technical like product
work and, you know, like data science
and things like this.
When you look at the kinds of AI that
people are using, it's all it's always
these like conversational AI, it's like
a chatbot or whatever, but no one really
has used an agent before.
And this word agent just gets thrown
around all the time and it's just like
so misused, it's like lost all meaning.
But agent actually has like a very
specific technical meaning,
which is it's a it's a AI, it's a LLM
that's able to use tools. So, it doesn't
just talk,
it can actually act and it can interact
with your system.
And, you know, this means like it can
use your Google Docs and it can it can
send email, it can run commands on your
computer and do all this kind of stuff.
So, I think like any kind of job where
you do you use computer tools in this
way, I think this is going to be next.
This is something we have to kind of
figure out as a as a society, this is
something we have to figure out as an
industry. Um, and I think for me also
this is one of the reasons it it it
feels very important and urgent to do
this work at Anthropic because I think
we take this very, very seriously. Um,
and so now, you know, we have
economists, we have uh, policy folks, we
have social impact folks. This is
something we just want to talk about a
lot, so as a society we can kind of
figure out what to do cuz it shouldn't
be up to us.
So, the big question, and which is
you're kind of alluding to, is jobs and
job loss and things like that. There's
this concept of Jevons paradox of just
as we can do more, we hire more and it's
not actually as scary as it looks. What
have you experienced so far, I guess,
with AI becoming a big part of the
engineering job? Just are you hiring
more than if you didn't have AI and just
thoughts on jobs?
Yeah, I mean, for our team, we're we're
hiring.
Um so, Claude Code team is hiring. Um if
you're interested, just check out the
jobs page on on Anthropic.
Personally, it's you know, all this
stuff has just made me enjoy my work
more.
I have never enjoyed coding as much as I
do today because I don't have to deal
with all the minutia.
So, for me personally, it's been quite
exciting. This is something that we hear
from a lot of customers
where they love the tool, they love
Claude Code because it just makes coding
delightful again.
Uh and that's just that's just so fun
for them.
But, it's hard to know where this thing
is going to go and I again, I just like
I have to reach for these historical
analogs.
Uh and I I think the printing process is
just such a good one
because what happened is this technology
that was locked away to a small set of
people, like knowing how to read and
write, became accessible to everyone. It
was just inherently democratizing.
Everyone started to be able to do this.
And if that wasn't the case, then
something like the Renaissance just
could never have happened
because a lot of the Renaissance it was
about like knowledge spreading. It was
about like written records that people
used to communicate.
Um you know, cuz there were no phones or
anything like this.
There's There's no internet at the time.
So, it's about like what does this
enable next?
And I think that's the very optimistic
version of it for me and that's the part
that I'm really excited about. It's just
unimaginable. You know, like we couldn't
be talking today if the printing press
hadn't been invented. Like our
microphones wouldn't exist. None of the
things around us would exist. It just
wouldn't be possible to coordinate such
a large group of people if that wasn't
the case.
And so, I imagine a world, you know, a
few years in the future where everyone
is able to program. And what does that
unlock? Anyone can just build software
anytime.
And I have no idea. It's just the same
way that, you know, in the 1400s, no one
could have predicted this.
Um I think it's the same way. But I do
think in the meantime, it's going to be
very disruptive and it's going to be
painful for a lot of people.
Um and I again, as a society, this is a
conversation that we have to have. And
this is a thing that we have to figure
out together.
So, for folks hearing this that want to
succeed and, you know,
make it in this crazy turmoil we're
entering,
any advice? Is it, you know, play with
the AI tools, get really proficient at
the latest stuff? Is there anything else
that you recommend to help people uh
stay ahead?
Yeah, I think that's pretty much it. Uh
experiment with the tools, get to know
them, don't be scared of them. Um just,
you know, dive in, try them, be on the
bleeding edge, be on the frontier.
Maybe the second piece of advice is try
to be a generalist more than you have in
the past.
For example, in school, a lot of people
that study CS, they learn to code and
they don't really learn much else. Maybe
they learn a little bit of systems
architecture or something like this.
But some of the most effective engineers
that I work with every day and some of
the most effective, you know, like
product managers and so on, they cross
over disciplines. So, on the Cloud Code
team, everyone codes. You know, our
product manager codes, our engineering
manager codes, our designer codes,
our finance guy codes,
our data scientist codes. Like everyone
on the team codes. And then and then if
I look at particular engineers, people
often cross different disciplines. So,
some of the strongest engineers are
hybrid product and infrastructure
engineers. Or product engineers with
really great design sense and they're
able to do design also.
Or an engineer that has a really good
sense of the business and can use that
to figure out what to do next. Or an
engineer that also loves talking to
users and can just really channel what
what users want uh to figure out what's
next.
So, I think a lot of the people that
will be rewarded most over the next few
years,
they won't just be AI native and they
don't just know how to use these tools
really well, but also they're curious
and they're generalists and they cross
over multiple disciplines and can think
about the broader problem they're
solving rather than just engineering
part of it. Do you find these three
separate disciplines still useful as a
way to think about the team? They're,
you know, engineering, design,
product management. Do you find like
those even though they are now coding
and contributing to thinking about to
build, do you feel like those are three
roles that will persist long-term at
least at this point? I think in the
short term it will persist, but one
thing that we're starting to see is
there's maybe a 50% overlap in these
roles where a lot of people are actually
just doing the same thing and some
people have specialties. For example, I
code a little bit more over his cat or
PM does a little bit more, you know,
coordination or planning or you know,
forecasting or things like this.
>> Stakeholder alignment.
Stakeholder alignment. Exactly. I I do
think that there is a future where I
think by the end of the year what we're
going to start to see is these start to
get even murkier murkier where I think
in some places the title software
engineer is going to start to go away
and it's just going to be replaced by
builder or maybe it's just everyone's
going to be a product manager and
everyone codes or something like this.
Who says hiring has to be fair? Every
founder and hiring manager I've been
speaking with these days is feeling the
same pressure. Hire the best people as
fast as possible, but [music] recruiting
is time consuming, alignment is hard,
and competition for great talent keeps
getting tighter. That's why teams like
11 Labs, Brex, Replit, Deel, and 5,000
[music]
other organizations use Metaview, the AI
company giving high-performance teams a
real unfair advantage in hiring. They
give you a suite of AI agents that
behave like recruiting co-workers. They
find candidates for you based on your
exact criteria, [music]
take interview notes automatically,
gather insights across your hiring
process, and help you identify the best
candidates in your pipeline. AI handles
the recruiting toil and gives you a real
source of truth. That means hours saved
per hire and a team focused on what
matters most, winning the right [music]
candidates. Don't let your competitors
out hire you. Metaview customers close
roles 30% faster. Try Metaview today for
free and get [music] an extra month of
sourcing at metaview.ai/lenny.
That's m e t a view.ai/lenny.
You talked about how you're enjoying
coding more. I actually did this little
informal survey on Twitter. I don't know
if you saw this where I just asked I did
three different polls.
I asked engineers, are you enjoying your
job more or less since adopting AI
tools? And then I did a separate one for
PMs and one for designers.
And both engineers and PMs, 70% of
people said they're enjoying their job
more.
And about 10% said they're enjoying
their job less. Designers interestingly,
only 55% said they're enjoying their job
more and 20% said they're enjoying their
job less. Thought that was really
interesting. That's super interesting.
I'd I'd love to talk to these people.
You know, both in the more bucket and
the less bucket just to understand. Did
Did you get to follow up with any of
them? They A few people replied and
we're actually doing a follow-up poll
that we'll link to in the show notes of
going deeper into some of this stuff.
But a lot of there's like, you know, the
factors that make it more fun and less
fun. The designers, they didn't share a
lot actually of just like the people
that are actually asked just like why
are you enjoying your job less? I didn't
hear a lot. So I'm curious what's going
on there. Yeah, I I'm seeing this a
little bit with Anthropic. I think
everyone is fairly technical.
This is something that we screen for,
you know, when when people join. We have
There's a lot of technical interviews
that people go go through even for
non-technical functions.
Uh
and
you know, our designers virtually code.
So I think for them this is something
that they have enjoyed from what I've
seen because now instead of buggy
engineers they can just like go in and
code and even some designers that didn't
code before have just started to do it
and for them it's great cuz they can
unlock themselves.
But I'd be really interested just to
hear more people's experiences cuz I I I
bet it's not uniform like that. Yeah, so
maybe if you're listening to this leave
a comment if you're finding your jobs
less fun and you're enjoying your job
less cuz what you're saying and what I'm
hearing from most people 70% of PMs and
engineers are loving their job more.
That's like if you're not on a bucket
you can
something's going on.
Yeah, yeah. We do see that people use
also different tools. So for example our
designers they use the cloud desktop app
a lot more to to do their coding. So you
just download the desktop app there's a
code tab
it's right next to code work and it's
actually the same as that cloud code so
it's like the same agent and everything.
We've had this for you know for many
many months.
And so you can use this to code in a way
that you don't have to open a bunch of
terminals.
But you still get the power of cloud
code and the biggest thing is you can
just run as many you know cloud sessions
in parallel as you want. We can you know
we call this multi clouding.
So this is a it's it's a little more
native I think for folks that are not
engineers and really this is back to
bringing the product to where the people
are. You don't want to make people use a
different workflow. You don't want to
make them go out of their way to learn a
new thing. It's whatever people are
doing if you can make that a little bit
easier then that's just going to be a
much better product that people enjoy
more and this is just this principle of
latent demand which I think is just the
single most important principle in
product.
Can you talk about that actually cuz I
was going to go there explain what this
principle is and and and just what
happens when you unlock this latent
demand?
Latent demand is this idea that
if you build a product in a way that can
be hacked or can be kind of mis
[clears throat] used by people in a way
it wasn't really designed for it to do
kind of something that they want to do
then this helps you as the product
builder learn where to take the product
next.
So an example of this is Facebook
Marketplace. So, the the manager for the
team, Fiona, she she was actually the
founding manager for the Marketplace
team, and she talks about this a lot.
Facebook Marketplace it started based on
the observation back in
this must have been like 20 2016 or or
something like this, that 40% of posts
in Facebook groups are buying and
selling stuff.
So, this is crazy. It's like people are
abusing the Facebook groups product to
buy and sell, and it's not it's not
abuse in kind of like a security sense,
it's abuse in that no one designed the
product for this, but they're kind of
figuring it out because it is just so
useful for this.
And so, it was pretty obvious if you
build a better product to let people buy
and sell, they're going to like it. And
it was just very obvious that
Marketplace would be a hit from this.
And so, the first thing was buy and sell
groups, so kind of special purpose
groups to let people do that, and the
second product was Marketplace.
Facebook Dating I think started in a
pretty similar place. And I think that
would the observation was if you look at
people looking at if you look at profile
views, so people looking at each other's
profiles on Facebook, 60% of profile
views were people that are not friends
with each other, that are opposite
gender.
And so, this is this kind of like, you
know, like traditional kind of date
dating setup, but you know, people are
just like creeping on each other. So,
maybe if you can build a product for
this, it's, you know, it it might work.
And so,
this idea of latent demand, I think it's
just so powerful.
And for example, this is also where
Cower came from.
We saw that for the last 6 months or so,
a lot of people using Cloud Code were
not using it to code. There was someone
on Twitter that it to grow tomato
plants, there was someone else using it
to analyze their genome. Someone was
using it to recover photos from a
corrupted hard drive, it was like
wedding photos.
There was someone that was using it for
I think like
they were using it to analyze an MRI.
So, there's just all these different use
cases that are not technical at all. And
it was just really obvious like people
are jumping through hoops to use a
terminal to do this thing. Maybe we
should just build a product for them.
And we saw this actually pretty early.
Back in maybe May of last year, I
remember walking into the office and our
data scientist, Brendan, was had a Quad
Code on his uh computer. He just had a
terminal up. And I was like I was
shocked.
I was like, "Brendan, what are what are
you doing? Like you you figured out how
to open the terminal, which is
you know, it's it's a very engineering
product. Even a lot of engineers don't
want to use a terminal. It's just like a
it's like just like the lowest level way
to to do your work. Um just really,
really uh kind of in the weeds of the
computer."
And so he figured out how to use the
terminal. He downloaded Node.js. He
downloaded Quad Code. And he was doing
SQL analysis in the terminal. And it was
it was crazy. And then the next week all
the data scientists were doing the same
thing.
So when you see people abusing the
product in this way, using it in a way
that it wasn't designed in order to do
something that is useful for them, it's
just such a strong indicator that
you should just build a product and and
people are going to like that. It's
something that's special purpose for
that.
I think now there's there's also this
kind of interesting second dimension to
latent demand. This is sort of the
traditional framing is look at what
people are doing, make that a little bit
easier, empower them.
The modern framing that I've been seeing
in the last 6 months is a little bit
different and
it's look at what the model is trying to
do
and make that a little bit easier.
And so when we first started building
Quad Code, I think a lot of the way that
people approached designing things with
LLMs is they kind of put the model in a
box. And they were here's this
application that I want to build. I want
it to do. Model, you're going to do this
one component of it. Here's the way that
you're going to interact with these
tools and APIs and whatever.
And for Quad Code, we inverted that. We
said the product is the model. We want
to expose it. We want to put the minimal
scaffolding around it, give it the
minimal set of tools. So it can do the
things. It can decide which tools to run
it can decide in what order to run them
in and so on.
And I I think a lot of this was just
based on kind of latent demand of what
the model wanted to do. And so in
research, we call this being on
distribution.
Uh you want to see like what the model
is trying to do. In product terms,
latent demand is just the same exact
concept, but applied to the model.
You talked about Quad Code. Something
that I saw you talk about when you
launched that initially is you your team
built that in 10 days.
That's insane. Uh I think that it came
out I think it was like, you know, used
by millions of people pretty quickly.
Something like that being built in 10
days.
Uh anything there any stories there
other than just it was just, you know,
we used Quad Code to build it. That's
it.
Yeah, it it it It's funny. Uh
Quad Code, like I said, when we released
it, it was not immediately a hit. It
became a hit over time and there was a
few inflection points. So, one was, you
know, like Opus 4.
Uh it just really really inflected. And
then in November, it inflected. And it
just keeps inflecting. It The growth
just keeps getting steeper and steeper
and steeper every day.
But, you know, for the first few months,
it wasn't a hit. Uh people used it, but
a lot of people couldn't figure out how
to use it. They didn't know what it was
for. The model still like wasn't very
good.
Quad Code, when we released it, it was
just immediately a hit. Much more so
than Quad Code it was early on.
I think a lot of the credit, honestly,
just goes to like Felix and and Sam and
the and Jenny and the the team that
built this. It's just an incredibly
strong team.
And again, the the place Quad Code came
from is just this latent demand. Like,
we saw people using Quad Code for these
non-technical things.
And we're trying to figure out what do
we do. And so, for a few months, the
team was exploring. They were trying all
sorts of different options.
And in the end, someone was just like,
"Okay, what what if we just take Quad
Code and put it in the desktop app?"
And that's essentially the thing that
worked.
And so, over 10 days, they just
completely used Quad Code to build it.
Uh and you know, Quad Code is actually
there there's this very sophisticated
security system that's that's built in.
And essentially, these guardrails to
make sure that the model kind of does
the right thing. It doesn't go off the
rails.
So, for example, we ship an entire
virtual machine with it.
And Quad Code just wrote all of this
code. So, we just have to think about,
all right, how do we make this a little
bit safer, a little more self-guided for
uh people that are not engineers. It was
fully implemented with Claude code. Took
about 10 days. We launched it early. You
know, it was still pretty rough and it's
still pretty rough around the edges.
But this is kind of the way that we
learn, um, both on the product side and
on the safety side is
we have to release things a little bit
earlier than we think
so that we can get the feedback, so that
we can talk to users. We can understand
what people want and then that will
shape where the product goes in the
future. Yeah, I think that point is so
interesting and it's so unique. It
There's always been this idea, release
early, learn from users, get feedback,
iterate. The fact that
it's hard to even know what the AI is
capable of and how people will try to
use it is like is a unique reason to
start releasing things early. That will
help you as you
exactly describe this idea of what is
the latent demand in this thing that we
didn't really know. Let's put it out
there and see what people do with it.
Yeah, and at Anthropic as a safety lab,
the other dimension of that is safety.
Cuz, um, you know, like when you think
about model safety, there's a bunch of
different ways to study it. Sort of the
lowest level is alignment and
mechanistic interpretability. So this is
when we train the model, we want to make
sure that it's safe.
We
at this point have like pretty
sophisticated technology to understand
what's happening in the neurons, to
trace it. And so, for example, like if
there's a neuron related to deception,
we can start We're we're starting to get
to the point where we can monitor it and
understand that it's activating.
Um, and so this is just This is
alignment. This is mechanistic
interpretability. It's like the lowest
layer.
The second layer is evals. And this is
essentially a laboratory setting. The
model is in a petri dish and you study
it. And you put in a synthetic situation
and just say, "Okay, like model, what do
you do? And are you doing the right
thing? Is it aligned? Is it safe?"
And then the third layer is seeing how
the model behaves in the wild.
And as the model gets more
sophisticated, this this becomes so
important because it might look very
good on these first two layers, but not
great on the third one.
We released Claude code really early
because we wanted to study safety.
And we actually used it within Anthropic
for, I think, 4 or 5 months or something
before we released it because we weren't
really sure like this is the first agent
that you know, the first big agent that
I think folks had released at that
point. Um it was definitely the first,
uh, you know, coding agent that became
broadly used. And so we weren't sure if
it was safe. And so we actually had to
study it internally for a long time
before we felt good about that. And even
since, you know, there's a lot that
we've learned about alignment, there's a
lot that we've learned about safety that
we've been able to put back into the
model, back into the product.
And for Claude work it's pretty similar.
Uh, the model's in this new setting,
it's, you know, doing these tasks that
are not engineering tasks. It's an agent
that's acting on your behalf. It looks
good on alignment, it looks good on
evals. We tried it internally, it looks
good. We tried it with a few customers,
it looks good. Now we have to make sure
it's safe in the real world. And so
that's why we released a little early,
that's why we call it a research
preview. Um, but yeah, it's just it's
constantly improving. Um, and this is
really the only way to to make sure that
over the long term the model is aligned
and it's doing the right things.
It's such a wild space that you work in
where there's this insane competition
and pace. At the same time, there's this
fear that if you get some if that like,
you know, the god can escape and cause
damage. And just finding that balance
must be so challenging. What I'm hearing
is there's kind of these three layers
and I know there's like this could be a
whole podcast conversation is how you
all think about
the safety piece. But just what I'm
hearing is there's these three layers
you work with. Uh, there's kind of like
observing the model thinking and
operating. There's tests, evals that
tell you this is doing bad things and
then releasing it early. I haven't
actually heard a ton about that first
piece. That is so cool. So you guys can
there's an observability tool that can
let you peek inside the model's brain
and see how it's thinking and where it's
heading. Yeah, you should, uh, you
should at some point have Chris Olah on
the podcast because, uh, he he's just
the industry expert on this. He he
invented this field of, uh, we call it
mechanistic interpretability. Uh, and
the the idea is, uh,
you know, like I I did this core like
what is your brain? Like what are
what is it? It's like a a bunch of
neurons that are connected. And so what
you can do is like in a human brain or
an animal brain, you can study it at
this kind of mechanistic level to
understand what the neurons are doing.
It turns out surprisingly a lot of this
does translate to models also. So model
neurons are not the same as animal
neurons, but they behave similarly in a
lot of ways.
And so we've been able to learn just a
ton about the way these neurons work,
about, you know, this layer or this
neuron maps to this concept.
How particular concepts are encoded, how
the model does planning, how it how it
thinks ahead.
You know, like
a long time ago we weren't sure if the
model was just predicting the next token
or is doing something a little bit
deeper. Now I think there's actually
quite strong evidence that it is doing
something a little bit deeper.
And then the structures that allow it to
do this are pretty sophisticated now.
Where as the models get bigger, it's not
just like a single neuron that
corresponds to a concept. A single
neuron might correspond to a dozen
concepts. And if it's activated together
with other neurons, this is called
superposition.
And together it represents this more
sophisticated concept. And it is just
something we're learning about all the
time.
You know, and for Anthropic as as we
think about the way this space evolves,
doing this in a way that is safe and
good for the world is just this is the
reason that we exist.
And this is the reason that everyone is
at Anthropic.
Everyone that is here, this is the
reason why they're here.
So a lot of this work we actually open
source. We publish it a lot.
And you know, we publish very freely to
talk about this. Just so we can inspire
other labs that are working on similar
things
to do it in a way that's safe.
And this is something that we've been
doing for Claude Code also. We call this
the race to the top internally.
And so for Claude Code for example, we
released an open source sandbox. And
this is a sandbox they can run the the
agent in. And it just makes sure that
there's certain boundaries and it can't
access like everything on your system.
And we made that open source and it
actually works with any agent, not just
Claude Code. Because we wanted to make
it really easy for others to do the same
thing. Um, so this is just the same
principle of race to the top. Um, we we
want to make sure this thing goes well
and this is just the this is the lever
that we have.
Incredible. Okay. I definitely want to
spend more time on that. I I will follow
up with this suggestion. Something else
that I've been noticing in the in the
field across engineers, product
managers, others that work with agents
is there's this kind of anxiety people
feel when their agents aren't working.
There's a sense that like oh man oh
needs to has a question and answer or
it's like blocked on something or it's
or I just like I I'm like there's all
this productivity I'm losing I can't I
like I need to wake up and get it going
again. Is that something you feel? Is
that something your team feels? Do you
feel like this is a a problem we need to
track and think about?
>> I always have a bunch of agents running.
So like at the moment I have like five
agents running. And at any moment like
you know like I I wake up and I I start
a bunch of agents. Like the first thing
I did when I woke up was like oh man I I
want everybody want to check this thing.
So like I opened up my phone, Claude iOS
app, code tab,
uh you know like agent do do blah blah
blah. Cuz I I wrote some code yesterday
and I was like wait did did I do this
right? I was like kind of double double
guessing something and and it was
correct. But now it's just like so easy
to do this.
So I don't know there is this little bit
of anxiety maybe. I personally haven't
really felt it just cuz I have agents
running all the time. Um, and I'm also
just like not locked into a terminal
anymore. Maybe a third of my code now is
in the terminal but also a third is uh
using the desktop app and then a third
is the iOS app which is just so
surprising cuz I did not think that this
would be the way that I code uh in even
in 2026. I love that you just describe
it as coding still which is just talking
to the to Claude code to code for you
essentially. And it's interesting that
this is now like this is now coding.
Coding now is describing what you want
not writing actual code.
I I I kind of wonder if uh the people
that used to code using punch cards or
whatever if you show them software what
they would have said
>> Isn't that crazy?
I I remember reading something. This was
a maybe like very early versions of like
ACM
uh
like like magazine or something.
Where people were saying, "No, it's not
the same thing. Like this isn't this
isn't really coding."
Uh and then you know like they they
called it programming. I think coding is
kind of a new word.
But I kind of think about those like in
the back in the you know my family's
from the Soviet Union. I would you know
I I was born in Ukraine.
Um and my grandpa was actually one of
the first programmers in the Soviet
Union.
And he programmed using punch cards.
And uh you know like he he told my mom
uh growing up told these stories of like
or she she told these stories of when
she was growing up he would bring these
punch cards home and there was just
these like big stacks of punch cards.
And for her she would like draw all over
them with crayons and that was like her
childhood memory. But for him that was
like his experience of programming and
he actually never saw the software
transition.
But at some point it did transition to
software and I think there's probably
this older generation of programmers
that just didn't take software very
seriously. And then they would have been
like, "Well, you know, it's not really
coding."
But I I I think this is a field that
just has always been changing in this
way.
Uh I don't think you know this, but I
was born in Ukraine also.
Oh, I don't know that. Yeah, which town?
I'm from Odessa.
Oh, me too.
You what? [laughter] Yeah, that's crazy.
Wow, incredible. Wait a moment. Uh maybe
we're related in some small way.
Uh what year did your did you leave and
your family leave?
Uh we came in '95. Okay, we left in '88.
A little earlier. Um yeah. What a
different life that would have been to
not to not leave, huh?
Yeah, I just I feel I feel so lucky
every day that uh get get to grow up
here.
Yeah, my family anytime there's like a
toaster or a meal they're just like to
America.
Yeah,
it's like it okay, enough about that,
but you get it, you know, once you start
really thinking about what life could
have been.
Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah, we do the we
do the same toast, but it's still vodka.
Still vodka, absolutely.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh man. Okay, let me ask you a couple
more things here.
You shared some really cool tips for how
to get the most out of AI, how to build
on AI, how to build great products on
AI. One tip you shared is give your team
as many tokens as they want, just like
let them experiment. You also shared
just advice generally of just build
towards the model where the model's
going, not to where it is today. What
other advice do you have for folks that
are trying to build AI products?
I'd probably share a few more things.
So, one is don't try to box the model
in.
Um I I think a lot of people's instinct
when they build on the model is they try
to make it behave a very particular way.
They're like, you know, this is a
component of a bigger system. I I think
some examples of this are people
layering like very strict workflows on
the model, for example. You know, to say
like you must do step one, then step
two, then step three, and you have this
like very fancy orchestrator doing this.
But actually almost always you get
better results if you just give the
model tools, you give it a goal, and you
let it figure it out. I think a year ago
you actually needed a lot of the
scaffolding, but nowadays you don't
really need it.
So, you know, I don't know what to call
this principle, but it's like, you know,
like ask not what the model can do for
you. Maybe maybe it's something like
this. Just think about how do you give
the model the tools to do things? Don't
try to over curate it. Don't try to put
it into a box.
Don't try to give it a bunch of context
up front. Give it a tool so that it can
get the context it needs. You're just
going to get better results.
I think a second one is um
maybe actually like a a more even more
general version of this principle is
just the bitter lesson.
Uh and I actually for the Quadko team we
have a you know, hopefully hopefully um
listeners have have read this, but Rich
Sutton had this blog post maybe 10 years
ago called the bitter lesson.
Uh and it's actually a really simple
idea. His idea was that the more general
model will always outperform the more
specific model.
And I think for him he was talking about
like self-driving cars and other domains
like this.
But actually there's just so many
corollaries to the bitter lesson.
And for me the biggest one is just
always bet on the more general model.
And you know, over the long term, like
don't don't try to use tiny models for
stuff. Don't try to like fine-tune.
Don't try to do any of this stuff.
There's like some applications, you
know, there's some reasons to do this,
but almost always try to bet on the more
general model if you can, if you have
that flexibility.
Um and so these workflows are
essentially a way that uh
you know, it's it's not it's not a
general model. It's putting the
scaffolding around it. And in general,
what we see is maybe scaffolding can
improve performance maybe 10 20%
something like this.
But often these gains just get wiped out
with the next model.
Uh so it's almost better to just wait
for the next one.
And I think maybe this is a final
principle and something that Quad Code I
think got right in hindsight. From the
very beginning, we bet on building for
the model 6 months from now.
Not for the model of today.
And
for the very early versions of the
product, I just wrote so little of my
code cuz I I didn't trust it. Cuz you
know, it was like Sonnet 3.5, then it
was like 3.6 or
forget 3 3.5 new whatever whatever
whatever name we gave it.
Um these models just weren't very good
at coding yet. Um they were they were
getting there, but it was still pretty
early.
So back then, the model did uh you you
used to get for me. It automated some
things, but it it really wasn't doing a
huge amount of my coding.
And so the bet with Quad Code was at
some point the model gets good enough
that it can just write a lot of the
code. And this is the thing that we
first started seeing with Opus 4 and
Sonnet 4. And Opus 4 was our first kind
of ASL 3 class model
uh that we released back in May.
And we just saw this inflection because
everyone started to use Quad Code for
the first time. And that was kind of
when our growth really went exponential.
And like I said, it's kind of it stayed
there.
So I think this is some This is advice
that I actually give to to a lot of
folks, especially people building
startups. It's going to be uncomfortable
cuz your product market fit won't be
very good for the first 6 months.
But if you build for the model 6 months
out,
when that model comes out, you're just
going to hit the ground running, and the
product is going to click and and start
to work.
And when you say build for the model 6
months out, what is what is it that you
think people can assume will happen? Is
it just generally it will get better at
things? Is it just like, okay, it's like
almost good enough, and that's a sign
that it'll probably get better at that
thing? Is there any advice there?
I think that's a good way to do it.
Like, you know, obviously within a AI
lab, we get to see the specific ways
that it gets better.
>> [laughter]
>> So, it's a it's a little unfair. But, we
we also we try to talk about this. So,
you know, like one of the ways that it's
going to get better is it's going to get
better and better using tools and using
computers.
This is a bet that I would make.
Uh another one is it's going to get
better and better for long for running a
for a long periods of time.
And this is a place, you know, like
there's all sorts of studies about this.
But, if you just trace the trajectory,
or, you know, maybe even like for my own
experience, when I used on a 3.5 back,
you know, a year ago, it could run for
maybe 15 or 30 seconds before before it
started going off the rails, and you
just really had to hold its hand through
any kind of complicated task. But,
nowadays with Opus 4.6, you know, on
average, it'll run maybe 10, 30, 20, 30
minutes unattended, and I'll just like
start another quad and have it do
something else. And, you know, like I
said, I always have a bunch of quads
running.
Uh and they can also run for hours or
even days at a time. I think there's
some examples where they ran for many
weeks.
And so, I think over time this is going
to become more and more normal, where
the models are running for a very, very
long period of time, and you don't have
to sit there and baby sit them anymore.
So, you just talked about tips for
building AI products. Any tips for
someone just using Claude Code, say for
the first time, or just someone already
using Claude Code that wants to get
better? What are like a couple pro tips
that you could share?
I will give a caveat, which is there's
no one right way to use Claude Code. So,
I I can share some tips, but honestly,
this is a dev tool. Developers are all
different. Developers have different
preferences. They have different
environments.
So, there's just so many ways to use
these tools. There's no one right way.
Um you you sort of have to find your own
path.
Luckily, you can ask Quad Code. It's
able to make recommendations. It can
edit your settings. It kind of knows
about itself, so it can help It can help
with that.
A few tips that generally I find pretty
useful is number one is just use the
most capable model. Um currently, that's
Opus 4.6. I have maximum effort enabled
always.
The thing that happens is sometimes
people try to use a less expensive model
like Sonnet or something like this. But
because it's less intelligent, it
actually takes more tokens in the end to
do the same task.
Um and so, it's actually not obvious
that it's cheaper if you use a less
expensive model. Often, it's actually
cheaper and less token intensive if you
use the most capable model cuz it can
just do the same thing much faster with
less correction, less uh less
hand-holding, and so on.
So, that's the first tip is just use the
best model.
The second one is use plan mode.
I start almost all of my tasks in plan
mode, maybe like 80%.
And plan mode is actually really simple.
All it is is we inject one sentence into
the model's prompt to say, "Please don't
write any code yet."
That's it. Like there's there's actually
like nothing fancy going on. It's just
the simplest thing.
Um and so, for people that are in the
terminal, it's just shift tab twice, and
that gets you into plan mode.
Uh for people in the desktop app,
there's a little button. On web, there's
a little button. It's coming pretty soon
to mobile also.
Uh and we just launched it for the Slack
integration, too.
Uh so, plan mode is the second one.
And uh essentially, the model will just
go back and forth with you. Once the
plan works good, then you let the model
execute. I auto-accept edits after that
cuz if the plan works good, it's just
going to one-shot it. It'll get it right
the first time almost every time with
Opus 4.6.
And then maybe the third tip is just
play around with different interfaces. I
think a lot of people when they think
about Quad Code, they think about a
terminal. Um and you know, of course, we
support every terminal. We support like
Mac, Windows, you know, like whatever
terminal you might use, it works
perfectly.
But we actually support a lot of other
form factors, too. Like, you know, we
have like iOS and Android apps, we have
a desktop app. There's you know, the
Slack integration. There's all sorts of
things that we support. So, I would just
like play around with these. And again,
it's like every engineer is different.
Everyone that's building is different.
Just find the thing that feels right to
you and and use that. You don't have to
use the terminal. It's the same quad
agent running everywhere.
Amazing. Okay, just a couple more
questions to round things out. What's
your take on Codex? How do you feel
about that product? How do you feel
about where they're going and just kind
of competing in this very competitive
space
in coding agents?
Yeah, I actually haven't really used it.
But I I think I did use it maybe when it
came out.
It looked a lot like quad code to me, so
that was kind of flattering.
It's I think it's actually good you
know, to have more competition cuz
people should get to choose and
hopefully it forces all of us to like do
it even better job.
Honestly for our team though, we're just
focused on solving the problems that
users have.
Um so, for us you know, we don't spend a
lot of time looking at competing
products. We don't really try the other
products.
I you know, you kind of you want to be
aware of them. You want to know they
exist.
But for me, I just I love talking to
users. I love making the product better.
Um I I love just acting on on feedback.
So, it's really just about building a
building a good product. Maybe a last
question. So, I talked to Ben Mann,
co-founder of Anthropic. What what to
talk to you about here about just
suggestions which I've integrated
throughout our chat. One question he had
for you is what's your plan post AGI?
What do you think you're going to be
doing? What's your life like once we hit
AGI, whatever that means? So, before I
joined Anthropic,
I was actually living in rural Japan and
it was like a totally different
lifestyle.
I was like the only engineer in the
town. I was the only English speaker in
the town.
It was just like a totally different
vibe. Like
a couple times a week I would like bike
to the farmers market.
And you know, you like bike by like rice
paddies and stuff.
It was just like a totally different
than it just complete opposite of San
Francisco.
One of the things that I really liked is
a a way that we got to know our
neighbors and we kind of built
friendships is by trading like pickles.
So, in that in the town where we lived,
it was actually like everyone made like
miso, everyone made pickles.
Uh and so I actually got like decently
good at making miso.
Um and you know, I made a bunch of
batches and um this is something that I
still make.
Uh miso is this interesting thing where
it teaches you to think on these long
time scales. That's just very different
than engineering. Cuz like uh you know,
like a batch of white miso it takes like
at least 3 months to make. And our red
miso is like, you know, two, three, four
years. You just have to be very patient.
You kind of mix it up and then you just
like let it sit. You have to be very
very patient. So, I the thing that I
love about it is just thinking in these
long time scales.
Uh and yeah, I think post-AGI or if I
wasn't at Anthropic, I'd probably be
making miso.
>> [laughter]
>> I love this answer. Uh Ben asked me to
ask you about what's the deal with you
and miso. And uh so I love that you know
answered it.
Okay, so the future the future might be
just going deep into miso. Getting
really good at getting making miso.
Uh
amazing.
Uh Boris, this was incredible. I feel
like we're we're brothers now from
Ukraine. Uh before we get to our very
exciting landing ground, is there
anything else that you wanted to share?
Is there anything you want to leave
listeners with? Anything you want uh you
want to double down on?
Yeah, I I think I would just like
underscore you know, like for for
Anthropic since the beginning, this idea
of like starting at coding then getting
to tool use then getting to computer use
has just been the way that we think
about things. And we this is the way
that we know the models are going to
develop or the you know, the way that we
want to build our models. And it's also
the way that we get to learn about
safety, study it, and improve it the
most.
So, you know, everything that's
happening right now around, you know,
just like
cloud code becoming this huge, you know,
multi-billion dollar business.
And, you know, like now all my friends
use Quad Code and they just text me
about it all the time.
Uh so, just like, you know, this thing
getting kind of big. In the In some ways
it's a total surprise.
Because this isn't kind of the We didn't
know that it would be this product. We
didn't know that it would start in a
terminal or anything like this. But, in
some ways it's just totally unsurprising
because this has been our belief as a
company for for a long time.
At the same time it just feels still
very early. You know, like most of the
world still does not use Quad Code. Most
of the world still does not use AI.
So, it it just feels like this is 1%
done and there's so much more to go.
Yeah, man. That's insane to think seeing
the numbers that are coming out. You
guys just raised a bazillion dollars. Uh
I think Quad Code alone is making $2
billion in revenue. You think Anthropic,
I think the number you guys put out
you're making 15 billion in revenue.
It's uh insane to just think this is how
early it still is and just the numbers
we're seeing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It is It's crazy. And
and I mean like the the way that Quad
Code has kept growing is honestly just
the users. Like we So many people use
it. They're so passionate about it. They
fall in love with the product. And then
they tell us about stuff that doesn't
work, stuff that they want. And so, like
the only reason that it keeps improving
is because everyone is using it.
Everyone is talking about it. Everyone
keeps getting feedback. And this is just
the single most important thing. And you
know, for me this is the way that I love
to spend my days just talking to users
and making it better for them.
And making me so.
And making me so. Well, the you know,
the me so's like not super involved.
They just Just got to wait.
Just got to wait.
Well, Boris, with that we've reached our
very exciting lightning round. I've got
five questions for you. Are you ready?
Let's do it.
First question, what are two or three
books that you find yourself
recommending most to other people? I I'm
a big reader.
Uh I would start with a technical book.
One is it is functional programming in
Scala.
This is the single best technical book
I've ever read. It's very weird because
you're you're not going to use Scala and
I don't know how much this matters in
the future now,
but there's this just elegance to
functional programming and thinking in
types and this is just the way that I
code and the way that I can't stop
thinking about coding. So, you know, you
could think of it as a historical
artifact. You could think of it as
something that will level you up.
I love this. Never before mentioned
book, my favorite.
Oh, amazing, amazing.
Uh okay, second one is uh Accelerando by
Stross. This is probably, you know, like
my my big genre is uh is sci-fi. Uh like
probably sci-fi and fiction.
Accelerando is just this incredible book
and it it it's just so fast-paced. The
pace gets faster and faster and faster
and I just feel like it captures the
essence of this moment that we're in
more than any other book that I've read.
Just the speed of it. And it starts as a
lift-off is starting to happen and, you
know, we're starting to approach the
singularity.
And it ends with like this like
collective lobster consciousness
orbiting Jupiter.
Um and it you know, this happens over
like the span of a few decades or
something. So, the the pace is just
incredible. I I really love it.
Maybe I'll I'll do one more book. Uh The
Wandering Earth,
uh Wandering Earth by uh Cixin Liu.
So, he's the guy that did uh Three-Body
Problem.
I think a lot of people know him for
that. I actually I think Three-Body
Problem was awesome, but I actually like
his short stories even more. So,
Wandering Earth is one of the short
story collections and he just has some
really, really amazing stories. And it
also just quite interesting to see uh
Chinese sci-fi because it has a very
different perspective than Western
sci-fi and kind of the way that um at
least he as a writer thinks and it's
just really, really interesting to read
and just beautifully written. It's so
interesting how sci-fi has prepared us
to think about where things are going.
Just like it crazy's amounts of models
of like, "Okay, I see. I've read about
this sort of world." Yeah, I think I
think for me this is like the reason
that I joined Anthropic actually. Cuz uh
you know, like it like I said, I was
living in this rural place. I was
thinking these long time scales because
everything is just so slow out there. At
least compared to us half.
Um and just like all the things that you
do are based around the seasons and it's
based around this food that takes many,
many months. That's the way that kind of
like social events were organized.
That's the way you kind of organize your
time.
You like you you go to the farmers
market and it's like it's persimmon
season and you know that because there's
like 20 persimmon vendors. And then the
next week the season is done and it's
like grape season and you kind of see
this. So it's like these kind of long
time skills. And I was also reading a
bunch of sci-fi at the time. And just
like being in this moment I was like,
you know, just thinking about these long
time skills.
I know how this thing can go and I just
I felt like I had to contribute to it
going a little bit better. And that's
actually why I ended up at Anthropic.
Ben Mann was also a big part of that,
too.
I feel like I want to do a whole podcast
just talking about your time in Japan
and the journey of Boris
through Japan to Anthropic, but we'll
keep it we'll keep it short. Uh I'll
quickly recommend a sci-fi book to you
if you haven't read it. Have you read
Fire Upon the Deep?
Uh this is Vinge, right? Yeah, it's
great.
>> Yes. Okay. That one's like it's like so
interesting from a AI AGI perspective.
Uh so few people have read that. So um I
I read it myself. Yeah. It's like it's
one I like a lot.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like how deepness in
the sky also. I think those parts are
the greatest.
>> sequel is greater. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I
think so.
>> Yeah. It's very long and like complex to
get into, but so good. Okay, we'll keep
going through our lightning round. Uh do
you have a favorite recent movie or TV
show you've really enjoyed? So I
actually don't really watch TV or
movies. I just don't really have time
these days. Um I did watch I I I'm going
to bring up another Cixin Liu, but The
Three-Body Problem series on Netflix I I
really loved. Um I thought that was like
a great rendition of the book series.
It's a common pattern across uh AI
leaders is no time to watch TV or
movies, which I completely understand.
Uh is there a favorite product you've
recently discovered that you really
love?
I'm going to like shill a little bit and
just say Coda.
Cuz
this is legitimately the the one product
that's been pretty life-changing for me
uh just cuz I I have it running all the
time and uh, the Chrome integration in
particular is just really excellent. Uh,
so it's been like it paid a traffic fine
for me, it like canceled a couple
subscriptions for me.
Uh, just like the amount of like tedious
work it gets out of the way is awesome.
I don't I also don't know if it's a
product, but maybe I'll I'll uh, also
have another podcast that I really love.
Obviously besides uh, besides money is
uh,
>> Obviously.
Yeah, it's uh, it's the acquired uh,
podcast by Ben Ben and David. Mhm. Uh,
it's it's just like super it's super
awesome. Um, I feel like the way that
they get into like business history and
bring it alive is is really really good.
And I would start with the Nintendo
episode if uh, if you haven't listened
to it.
>> Great tip. Uh, with Cowerk just so
people understand if they haven't tried
this. Like basically you type something
you want to get done and it can launch
Chrome and just do things for you. I saw
one of the someone went on pat leave
from Anthropic and you had it fill out
these like medical forms for him, these
like really annoying PDFs where it just
like loads up the browser, logs in,
fills them out, submits them. Yeah,
exactly exactly. And and it actually
just kind of works. Like we tried this
experiment like a year ago and it didn't
really work cuz the model wasn't ready,
but now now it actually just works and
it's amazing. I think a lot of people
just don't really understand what this
is
because they haven't used the agent
before.
And it it just feels very very similar
to me to Claude code a year ago. Um, but
like I said, it's just growing much
faster than Claude code did in the early
days. So I think it's starting to it's
starting to break through a bit. And
there's also this Chrome extension that
you mentioned that you could just use
standalone that sits in Chrome and you
could just talk to Claude uh, uh,
looking at your screen at your browser
and have it do stuff, have it tell you
about what you're looking at, summarize
what you're looking at, things like
that. Exactly exactly. For peo- for
people that are like just running to use
Cowerk, the thing I recommend is so you
download the Claude desktop app, you go
to the Cowerk tab, it's right next to
the code tab. Um, the thing that I
recommend doing is like start by having
it use a tool. So like clean up your
desktop or like summarize your email or
something like this or you know, like
respond to the top three emails. Like it
actually just responds to emails for me
now, too.
The second thing is connect tools. So,
like if you connect like if you say,
"Look at my top emails and then send
Slack messages." Or, you know, like put
them in a spreadsheet or something. Or,
for example, like I use it for all my
project management. So, we have a single
spreadsheet for the whole team. There's
like a row per engineer. Every week
everyone fills out a status. And every
Monday Cowork just goes through and it
messages every engineer on Slack that
hasn't filled out their status. And so,
I don't have to do this anymore. And
this is just one problem. It will do
everything.
And then the third thing is just run a
bunch of clouds in parallel. So, we can
Cowork you can have as many tasks
running as you want. So, it's like start
one task, you know, I have this project
management thing running. Then I'll have
to do something else, then something
else, and then I'll kick these off. And
then I just go get a coffee while it
runs.
There's a post I'll link to that shares
a bunch of ways people use uh what was
previously Cloud Code or now just you
could do through Cowork. Cuz a lot of
this is just like, "Oh, wow. I hadn't
thought I could use it for that." And
once you see like these examples I think
are where people need to hear of just
like, "Oh, wow. I didn't know I could do
that."
Yeah, I think a lot of this was also
Some of this was also inspired by you,
Lenny.
You You had this post about uh it was
like 50 non-technical use cases for
Cloud Code or something like this.
So, we actually one of our PMs used that
as a way to evaluate Cowork before we
released it.
Um and I think at the point where we hit
where Cowork was able to do like 48 out
of the 50 that we're like, "Okay, it's
pretty good." Wow, I did not know that.
That [laughter] is awesome.
Uh it's I'm becoming eval.
Yeah? How does that feel?
Amazing.
I feel like I'm valuable to the future
of AI.
This is like reverse breaking through.
>> [laughter]
>> Wow, that is so cool. Wow, okay. I
wonder what those last two are. Anyway,
okay. Two more questions. Um do you have
a favorite life motto that you often
come back to in work or in life?
Use common sense.
I think a a lot of the failures that I
see in especially in a work environment
is people just failing to use common
sense. Like, they follow a process
without thinking about it. Um they just
do a thing without thinking about it or
they're working on a product that's like
not a good product or not a good idea.
And they're just following the momentum
and not thinking about it. I think the
best results that I see are people
thinking from first principles and just
developing their own common sense. Like
if something smells weird then, you
know, it's probably not a good idea.
So I think I think just this this is the
single advice that I give, you know, to
co-workers more more than anything too.
And I feel like that alone could be its
own podcast conversation. What is common
sense? How do you build? But we'll keep
this short. Uh final question. Uh so
you've been got more active on Twitter
X. I'm curious just uh why and
just what's your experience been with
with Twitter, the world of Twitter uh
because you get a lot of engagement on
on Twitter  X.
So for a long time I used Threads
exclusively because I actually helped
build Threads a little bit back in the
day. Um and I also just like the design.
It's like a very clean product. Uh I I
just really like that.
I started using Threads cuz actually I
was bored. Um So in the in December I
was in Europe.
>> Twitter, you mean?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I started I started
using uh Twitter cuz I was bored. So my
my wife and I were uh we were traveling
around in in Europe for December. We're
just kind of nomading around. We went to
like Copenhagen, went to like a few
different countries.
Um and for me it was just like a coding
vacation. So every day I was coding and
that's like my favorite kind of
vacation. It's just like code code all
day. It's the best.
And at some point I just kind of kind of
got bored and like I ran out of ideas
for, you know, like a few hours. I was
like, "Okay, what do I want to do next?"
And so I opened Twitter and I saw like
tweeting about Quad Code and then I just
started responding and then
I was like, "Okay, maybe actually a
thing I should do is just like look for
people look for bugs that people have.
Maybe people have like bugs or any
feedback they have." And so kind of
introduced myself, asked for if people
had a bunch of bugs and feedback. And I
think they were kind of surprised by
like the pace at which we're able to
address feedback nowadays.
Um for me it's just like so normal. Like
if someone has a bug like I can probably
fix it within a few minutes. Cuz I just
wrote a quad and as long as the
description is good, it would just go
and do it and then I'll I'll go do
something else and answer the next
thing. But I think for a lot of people
it was pretty surprising. So it's really
cool.
And yeah, the experience on Twitter has
been pretty great. It's It's been
awesome just engaging with people and
seeing what people want, uh hearing
hearing about bugs, hearing about
features.
I saw a complaint in the GitHub beer the
other day on Twitter just so you could
you're like posting many threads and it
was breaking and just like, "Oh man,
what's going on here?"
Yeah, yeah, there there was a bug. I I
hope it's fixed now.
Amazing. Oh man, Boris, I could chat
with you for hours. Uh I'll let you go.
Thank you so much for doing this. Uh
you're wonderful. Um where can folks
find you online? How can listeners be
useful to you? Yeah, find me on Threads
or on Twitter. That's the That's the
easiest place.
And please just tag me on stuff. Um send
bugs, send feature requests. What's
missing? What can we do to make the
products better? What do you Like what
do you want? Um I I love love hearing.
Amazing. Boris, thank you so much for
being here. Cool. Thanks, Lenny. Bye,
everyone.
Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app.
Also, please consider giving us a rating
or leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennyspodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.